OK we're going to discuss web site creation and promoting it successfully.
You need to create a web site for showcasing your app a place where you can bring potential users to
show off your app doesn't have to be a huge Web site just needs to be a page or two have a nice big
download call to action button for your app and your youtube embedded in your site to show.
Show it off in action.
If you have a video review use that to testimonial videos are even better.
And selling people to at least download your app and install it.
Then when your web site is finished it's time to drive people to your Web site from forums blogs in
your niche.
Answer questions on Web sites such as Quora.
You can also post on sites like Reddit which gets a ton of traffic.
Make sure to read the guidelines before posting though.
Make sure to use your apps Facebook and Twitter accounts and start social sharing with friends and family.
You'll learn of other great places to promote your web site later on in the course.
But get that word out.
You can also create a separate blog on or off your Web site and target other key words there and see
what's working best for you.
The blog allows you to provide and show Google you are providing fresh content in your niche which Google
always loves to see and helps with your SEO ranking.
Always have a call to action button on your Web site.
You want each and every visitor that lands on your app's website to at least download and install your
app.
Use your keywords in your web your web site your blog's title description and keyword meta tags use
one or two all tag images with your keywords as well.
Try to use your keywords in your blog entries or text.
Don't overdo it with using your keywords.
For example have the key word mentioned two to four times in a couple of paragraphs of text.
You want to avoid what the experts call keyword stuffing here.
Just make it look natural and you should do fine.
Be sure to check the recommended link below and I'll see you in the next lecture.